Take precautions
In order to please the Chen family
I searched all the kidneys in Nancheng
Only yours is the best match.
He is willing to let you die
Do not hesitate to let the Ouyang family perish
I also want to please the Chen family.
You're still defending him?
That's not possible.
He can't be that kind of person
Do you have any evidence that he said it?
This was given to me by Zhao Tiegang, the guardian of Nancheng
There is a direction inside to reach an agreement with the Chen family
One of them says that the donor is buried
It's your name.
Can't fake it
The file contains Zhao Tiegang's steel stamp
He is the guardian of the male god
It's very simple to do this.
How is that possible?
What's impossible?
What's the matter, sister?
Sister-in-law is not worth it for such a person
Fang Shiqiang is simply a beast
You know?